Updating EAT Migration Status (#1077)
OfficeDev/outlook-dev-docs: docs/includes/actionable-messages/legacy-token-deprecation.md

---
author: vermaanimesh
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 06/22/2026
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041-->

> [!IMPORTANT]

> >Actionable Messages now use Microsoft Entra ID–based token authentication. The transition from legacy (EAT) authentication was completed on June 8, 2026, and legacy authentication is no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Actionable Messages use Microsoft Entra ID–based token authentication. The transition from legacy (EAT) authentication completed on June 8, 2026. Legacy authentication is no longer supported.
```

> >Integrations that have not been updated to use Microsoft Entra ID tokens will no longer function. Partners must use Entra ID–based token authentication for all Actionable Messages integrations. [Enable Microsoft Entra ID token for Actionable Messages](../../actionable-messages/enable-entra-token-for-actionable-messages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Integrations that have not been updated to use Microsoft Entra ID tokens no longer function. Partners must use Entra ID–based token authentication for all Actionable Messages integrations. For more information, see [Enable Microsoft Entra ID token for Actionable Messages](../../actionable-messages/enable-entra-token-for-actionable-messages.md).
```
